# 15-Dec-2020


Updates ParaView library from version 5.8 to 5.9/rc1.
Also includes bug fixes:

* Includes "solid" in material priority list when any body includes
  a solid phase.
* Limits the materials listed in physics namelist to those used in
  either body or material inflow.
* Fixes error writing flow namelist for inviscid case.


# 27-Nov-2020

Adds/revises several features:

* Updates UI to automatically select the diffusion solver based on the
  void material setting. (In previous versions, the user was required to
  select the correct diffusion solver to apply.)
* Refactors and updates the internal logic associated with the analysis
  option to include void material as a user option.
* Adds advanced flow options void_collapse and wisp_redistribution.
* Fixed missing python module in install packages.

The export logic *should* be compatible with projects created with
previous versions of modelbuilder, but this has not been verified.


# 22-Nov-2020

Adds analysis option "Include Void Material"

Includes an interim version for assigning materials to body attributes and
inflow_material properties on flow boundary conditions. The current version
presents a dropdown to specify the material type as either "real" or "void".
If the "real" type is selected, a second dropdown is presented to select the
specific material plus any related properties. A future version will consolidate
the two dropdown selectors into a single selector.

This release also fixes several bugs in the Truchas input file generated by
modelbuilder.


# 24-Oct-2020

Fixes issues with the 18-Oct-2020 build.

* Fixes error loading material collection (.sbi file).
* Fixes error marking attribute resource as modified when loaded from file.
* Fixes error displaying material priority for multi-phase materials.
* Includes minor, backward-compatible updates to flow attributes.
* Fixes multiple errors writing Truchas input files.


# 18-Oct-2020

Fixes bugs in the 09-Oct-2020 build.

* Fixes crash creating material attributes.
* Fixes error writing void and solid inflow materials.
* Fixes bug saving vector functions to attribute resource file.
* Fixes bug initializing two-level resource browser.


# 09-Oct-2020

Adds support for Fluid Flow physics including flow numerics, flow solvers,
boundary conditions, material tracking/priority. Namelist outputs now include
FLOW, FLOW_BC, FLOW_PRESSURE_SOLVER, FLOW_VISCOUS_SOLVER, VFUNCTION.


# 26-Aug-2020

Incorporates new attribute features to add "Load From File" button to
tabular functions.


# 03-Aug-2020

Continued attribute reorganization

* Updates logic for making phase properties optional vs required
  depending on state of shared/common property.
* Uses new option to require specific_enthalpy_func and solid_frac_table
  editors to be expression-only.
* Refactors validation logic into C++ class with python bindings, so
  that same validation logic is used for UI and export functions.
* Migrates other material-attribute logic to C++ class and so that it can
  unit tests can be added.


# 11-Jul-2020

Major attribute reorganization, primarily focused on materials

* Flatten material/phase properties
* Add "invariant-properties" group for density, reference_enthalpy,
  reference_temperature
* Make shared properties now act as default properties (can be overridden
  in individual phases)
* Add support for Truchas specific_enthalpy_func and solid_frac_table variables
* Copy phase 1 properties to common group when adding 2nd phase
* Add "body" attribute and "Body" tab to subsume initial-conditions and
  material associations
* Refactor views to replace "Globals" and "Other" tabs with "Outputs"

Backward compatibility has not been tested and is not guaranteed.


# 14-Jun-2020

Updates export logic to write material namelists in the current
Truchas format (droppoing MATERIAL_SYSTEM namelist and many other
changes).

Fixes bugs in Truchas writer logic.

Note: the background-material option is temporarily unavailable
pending resolution of user interface issues.


# 31-May-2020

Fixes bug where Truchas toolbar didn't recognize models of
project when first created.

Fixes export bugs writing material functions, tabular_dim,
emissivity. Omits coord_scale_factor from ENCLOSURE_RADIATION
namelist.


# 18-Apr-2020

Adds action (icon) to the Truchas toolbar for toggling the visibility
of the induction heating mesh.

Updates the create-project logic to automatically assign colors
to the input heat transfer mesh. The color palettes are currently
hard-coded to Brewer Qualitative Dark for surfaces (side sets) and
Brewer Qualitative Pastel for volumes (element blocks).

Updates the Emissivity View to require all side sets assigned to
an enclosure surface to also be assigned an emissivity value. Also
sets custom labels on the Emissivity View association widget.

Updates the python logic for writing Genre input files to surround
symmetry options in double quotes (e.g., "MirrorX", "RotZ4").

Fixes issue with busy/wait cursor not active for the entire time
when opening a project.

Fixes several non-fatal error messages related to SMTK color options
and resource visibility.


# 04-Apr-2020

Adds "SMTK display toolbar" with two icons/buttons for
"only show volume entities" and "only show surface entities",
respectively.

Bug fixes to Truchas workflow files (template and export script files).

Bug fix to material attribute view to respond to user changing
advance level (combo box).


# 29-Mar-2020

Adds support for enclosure radiation namelists. This includes:

* Top-level Genre/Truchas analysis switch
* New template and writer logic for generating Genre input files
* Updates and refactoring of logic to generate Truchas input files


# 23-Mar-2020

Adds feature to save and load "attribute collection" from
the Materials tab.

Fixes several bugs in validation logic for multiphase materials.


# 24-Feb-2020

Fixes bug in deleting attribute after it was renamed in the
same session.

Changes export panel to hide most settings as "Advanced". Only
item displayed by default is the path to the Truchas file to be
generated.


# 14-Feb-2020

Adds project "Save As" feature.


# 31-Jan-2020

Fixes bug that would crash modelbuilder when creating project.

Updates the entity "numbering" logic to use zero as the padding character,
so that alphabetic sorting will be more intuitive.

Updates the logic when adding a second model via the project menu to set
the association for the "electromagnetic" mesh, so that it displays correctly
in the Induction Heating tab.

Sets the application cursor to "busy" state when projects are loaded or
created.
